###This file tracks update history

11/04/2016
------------------------------------

1. first update

2. devanagari, opttitrans, and extra patched words for annusvaara, deerghas, 
   and telugu , varga  pancchamas ,IAST words ,all are created and added to headwords.
   IAST words are for linking purpose as, all names in description of words are formatted
   to IAST for reading.., and when double clicking them these headers will be  used.

3. All description is cleaned, and neatly formatted for using  screenspace effectively.
   And all book size specific new lines  cleaned, and added clean newlines.
   in description,all coded words are transformed to IAST. like 'Ra1van2a' to 'Rāvaṇa', like so.

4. Search terms expanssion  done. like if in source there is  <HI>BHA1RATA (MAHA1BHA1RATA) .
   is there, then changed it to 'bhaarata|mahaabhaarata' , so that words in brackets
   also can be searchable. And for words like 'ADR2S4YA (M)', it is expanded like
   'adRshya|adRshyaM'. i.e if option is there in brackets to append, then created
   new appended word and  added it to headers.

5. Padya layout preserved. As there are padyas in description, and they all are displayed
   with indent, and formatting.. those indent and formatting  are preserved , with out
   effecting others. search DHṚTARĀṢṬRA for example.

6. Tables are some how preserved. but not effective desplay. will be improved next updates,

7. foot notes are kept. and next update display will be much better for footnotes  too.

8. Some main words like 'JA1NAKI I', etc are wrongly coded as sub words, even though they
   are main words. These errors of original text file fixed, and all such are searched, and
   transformed to main words, by comparing with print book.

9. Roman numerals are transformed to hindu decimal numerals in headers.like if headword is
   like 'SUDARS4NA VIII' ,then it is transformed to 'sudarshana 8' in header words.And IAST
   also kept in headers as mentioned before for linking , when double clicked.

10.All head words lists are provided. angla.list is for english headwords,deva.list for hindi
   IAST.list for iast, and  telugu.list for telugu. 

....And so many other minor things.


TO DO
-------------------------------------

1.giving original book page number, the word belongs to, at end of each word deescription.

2.using bgl compiler for enabling tags for bold and italic, color values,formaatting etc displaying.

3.Creating mucch more neat display for tables, when ever they occur.

4.Adding foot notes at end  of word, which it is referring to.

5.Mainly, adding hrasvas. as for sounds 'e' and 'o' ,are not distinguishable, as for both
  same letters are used.. we have to manually check and prepare list.. and thus can transliterate
  into  southern languages, with out error.

6.Adding other language headwords, as all characters names are completely same in all.

6.Removing errors if any.


And so many like
Creating html files for all words. for all other usages. etc...

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



13/04/2016
-----------------------------------------
1.Many fixes  

2.Telugu transliteration is completely corrected. now it is errorless as much possible.

3.Very Importaant feature,  now added page number and position of word in original book
  at end  of each word,, neatly formatted. address is for example  like
  '6th word in left half of page 679 in original book' . this will greatly
  easifies referring, and oother.

4. Paadya layout improved.

5.Digit orders in head words like abhimanyu 1 etc,completely removed for iast head words.
  as when double clicking name in description, it is redirecting to list of those words, instead
  of giving description of all at one page. Now it is fixed by this,

6.Like previous, Digit orders removed for normal english head words too.
  as we searcch mostly with them, instead of giving all list it now gives
  single entry with out digits, and contain all details.same with telugu  words too.

7.Due to these changes, when we click on that unified entry, we will get all
  those results in one page.but with same bold titles for all entries. it displays
  first headword of that entry as bold title. that's why we kept devanagari entry
  as first entry in heaadwords.. to display devanagari headword as bold title.
  and IAST headword is there in description. So first devanagari entry is mainly
  intended for display, along with search. So in devanagari headwords, digits are
  not removed. as there is no problem for double clicking, linking with these words.
  And an Unified digit  less devanagari word also is appended,and it will be first
  result, when you  searched in devnagari, as normal.

8.By these changes , now no problem when double clicked, 
  no numbered lists when searched in english, but unified entry.
  when searched in devanagari, though numbered lists desplayed
  but unified entry only first option to click.
  And thus display is not cubersome.titles are well defferentiated.
  and can  differentiate words in source file too.

9 And a lot of improvements.









