1. All  things like previous. numbered lists, varga panchamas,rutvams, extra extracted bracketted
   search words , ansvaras all , and their permutations included for devanagari,english
   telugu,,kannada head words.And discription cleaned ,formatted, removed all unwanted new lines,
   preserved paragraphs, wanted newlines. so it will be rendered well on all screen sizes

2. mainly search words are not general words, but filled with so many samasaH andd sandhis.
   like 'arjunasya vane vaasaH' or 'gautamasya vanam' , so many are like this. which we cannot
   think of and search. So trying to make more general words from them. like
   for 'arjunasya vane vaasaH' , head words will be 'arjuna|arjunasya vane vaasaH|vane vaasaH'.
   so that, we can search character name, or complete word, or latter word. as
   there are so many aashramas, like agastyasya aashrama, etc.. if we search for
   'aashrama', it will give list of all aashramas of bharata time. and can be searchable 
   by agastya too. But it is too experimental, and in basic stage, as there are so many samasas
   and sandhis. so it will be gradually improved.

3. some names are endding with long vowels, which are short ovels  in daily usage . like
   for 'draupadii' ,'saurabhii'... we use 'draupadi' 'saurabhi' .they are one quarter of all words.
   so 'ii' or 'uu' or 'aa' like these endings are modified
   to corresponding short vowels, for convinience, and linking from others. 
   originals also retained.

4.  As search words  are  not  casual  words, many like me, cannot guess what to search.
   at max by searching we can find some 4 words. :) , so dict should be browsable, and
   navigatable. So page numbers added in headwords. if you search page number 'p134' we 
   will get that page in same order as of book. and at last there will be page numbers
   of previous, and next pages. so we can double click. thus we can use it as of book.
   and position of word added in description. 

5. due to reasons like above, added index pages too. so if we search for devanagari first letter
   or itrans of it , we will get index page of words starting with that letter.
   ex. if we search for 'ई ' or 'ii' , we will goto it's index. in index all words and their 
   corresponding pages will be listed with out description, and in alphabeticle order.
   we can double click on word or page number to go correspondingly. for example
   search for 'श ' or 'sha' . 

6. Many other....


Update:
---------------------------------
1. changed page search pattern to p146_mci , like that.but when searching result
   will visible with out typing tag. corrected links in description for double click.


2. display intended  headwords are  prefixed like ' ➤ 03) अङ्गिरस्  '  . so  no intereptions
   if other dict contain number headwords.

3. description formatting improved so much.. 

4. IaST tansliteration aded to headwords.

5. many fixes,improvemeents.
